internet VS WWW -- The difference is that the internet has been around longer, you are able to browse around and do other stuff on the internet. 
People used to use FTP, the WWW is a service on the internet. 

html-

http Vs FTP- 

ftp and our web server- 

URL- The path of where your file is. 

how html works-- <!DOCTYPE html> A comment that the browser reads; to use the most current version of HTML
rules of HTML-- Every tag needs to have a class tag. 
Lots of tags such as
head - Just information -- Meta means about- infromation about the document. Links to CSS; Links to JavaSCript
body- the actual content of the website. 
title- goes in the tabs document 
links -- Learn how the linking works; whats clickabble and stuff 
lists
tables 
image formats- JPEG- Lossy  PNG-Lossless  GIF- 256 colors; smaller compresses better 
img tag
block vs inline
colors
span vs div -- The span tag gives in-Line styling -- div is a block tag 
em vs rem-- rem- if the font is 10 the rem font would be 15; em-- is based on the parent element. If it is in a div tag then it would be on that div tag
semantic tags- Footer; nav; header; 


grid and how it works. How to set it up. How create coloumns

Inline, embedded, external- ways to create style sheets. 
css
class
id
cascading
how it works 
padding- would be 20 all around; unless specified. 20px 10px; 20 on the top and the bottom; and 10 on the left on the right. 
Top right bottom left. 

box model  and how containers work
positioning- how it works 
s
bootstrap. what is it. Why use it. Various components such as nav bars, grid, jumbotrons, footers
grid - its a standardization method. 

media queries 
javascript - some of the datatypes you can check for- string and numbers. 
Values- undefined and null, NaN, what the differences are 
undefined- never has been assigned a value 
null- it means no value 
NaN- the result of a mathematical operations, such as strings; expeceted a number and didnt get a number 
HTML; CSS; and JavaScript-- It is all ran on the browser. 
 - What is it. 
 - JS Basics such as variable types, accessing DOM data and setting dom data
 - Getting data from text areas and setting event handlers